# Markets

Addressable Markets include the public, private, and non-profit sectors that manage digital identity or desire a more secure and accessible identity data management system. For example, the public sector may develop a full spectrum identity system that includes passport, driver's license, social security card, birth certificate and other official identification forms. The private sector may develop an employee identity system or supply management system and the non- profit sector may adopt the BDIMS for refugee identity and geo-location management. Market Drivers in these industries are expected to be the need for contact-free identity verification, increased cyber-security, viable sustainability, efficiency, and autonomy to send PIDI data from home. An Economic Driver and a much needed solution is a sustainable system that significantly reduces operating and maintenance costs resulting in reducing fees. A Social Driver is the Autonomy to send PIDI data at any time from the safety of home as current Blockchain research shows that Autonomy significantly impacts Behavioral Intention to adopt the BDIMS (Sindi, 2019). The Market Opportunity has been analyzed and validated by the consultant on this project who has previously brought forth data security projects to the agency sector. This analysis displays a market need for increased cyber-security and network sustainability. Market opportunity was also analyzed in a study that included feedback from 125 participants that\
stated they would use the BDIMS for PIDI data management. A dynamic and evolving Transformative Business Model is appropriate for this potentially disruptive Blockchain innovation that will incite a paradigm shift in how we manage our official PIDI data. It is a

sustainable business model that aims to solve social issues and is a source of innovation. The ability to adapt the business model along the path to commercialization is beneficial in creating and capturing future value. The product is the service, and the service is the product. This model represents an acquisitive economic return directly correlated to it’s societal impact. This interconnects potential profit with Blockchain’s purpose, suggesting a reciprocal channel\
between return and purpose. Bringing Distributed Ledger Blockchain (DLB) technology to realized market outputs is aimed through a diffusion of quantitative and qualitative methods and product development, improvement, and implementation. In addition, market outputs are planned through Bridging Agencies. Competitors include, but are not limited to, ConsenSys, Hyperledger, Cambridge, USPS, and Sovorin, whom express a focus on digital identity management, yet a Proof of Concept or Proof of Product that encrypts and decrypts PIDI data onto blocks in a decentralized fashion is not visible nor stated. Consensys focuses on smart contracts utilizing Ethereum side chains as does Sovrin. Hyperledger is short of a completely distributed decentralized system and Cambridge’s patented system stores PIDI data on a centralized system where verification is decentralized. The USPS recently registered a patent for a Blockchain voting system and another company registered a patent for a similar type of system for media copyrights. Extensive research and searches were conducted on these companies and no mention or visible Proof of Concept nor Proof of Product of a completely decentralized Blockchain PIDI data system was found on their respective websites. Since there is currently no fully scalable Blockchain digital identity management system currently being used by the public, it is presumed that the future Competitive Landscape may include addition competitors based on previously submitted patents and trademarks. A Key Risk to bringing this disruptive innovation to the market are the adoption barriers or adoption factors that impact a participant’s decision to adopt the BDIMS, such as beliefs about digital identity management and ease of use of the system (Sindi, 2019). Thus, Commercialization will be approached through multiple BDIMS trials where participants use the BDIMS and participate in a survey and a questionnaire. Results from the survey and questionnaire will direct focus on improvements to the BDIMS prior to commercialization so to improve adoption rates. This service will improve and continue to be utilized when implementing the BDIMS into organizational contexts. Another Key Risk to implementation is the level of robustness of the BDIMS, thus the Commercialization approach for the technical barriers incorporates trial phases of the product alongside the research implementation phases. Economic Benefits include reducing costs on government administration personnel, reducing costs on maintenance, reducing costs on electricity, thus reducing fee s and time spent by the end-user. Three years from now, annual revenue is estimated at $25,000,000. The market for Blockchain identity management solutions was valued at just $107 million in 2018 and will grow to $11.46 billion in 2026. Government and healthcare will be the main drivers of this growth. The underlying assumptions behind this figure is based on the forecast of the adoption rate and projected initial contract to be completed by 2026. There is no comparable company or market and thus the estimated annual revenue may possibly incur a slight margin of error. The proposed Commercialization Approach aims to analyze the advances of innovative

and disruptive technology to meet the demands and needs of the end-user. The Resources Needed to Implement this approach consists of person power in software architecture and

development, diffusion of disruptive innovation research, brand structuring, and conceptualization. Software architecture and development will require resources in Blockchain engineering hours and user interface design hours and will be met with well experienced Blockchain engineers, a well experienced front-end security engineer, and a well experienced user-interface design researcher. The implementation of the BDIMS product will require academic resources to analyze quantitative and qualitative data and will be met with a well experienced technology adoption researcher and a well experiences statistician. When applying this approach to meet the demands and needs of the population, incurring a positive and nourished societal impact and value exchange, a validated Blockchain Adoption Research Framework (Sindi, 2019) is utilized to analyze best practices for organizational context-specific implementation. The Blockchain prototype will be trialed among a population utilizing the Blockchain Adoption Framework (Sindi, 2019) and at that point the user interface design of the system will be measured through a survey and a questionnaire. The five year impact of this proposed project is expected to have a significant social impact on multiple facets of improving overall welfare. The Vision for this company is to standardize the format of digitally signed credentials so to expand Blockchain use to PIDI data management of everyday life applications that require identity verification and validation, such as, but not limited to, passport, birth certificates, a notary service, escrow service, power of attorney, or official voting ballot submission. Other applications include artwork ownership verification, insurance verification, and employment verification.
