# Technical Solution

1. The Blockchain Digital Identity Management System (BDIMS) is a disruptive innovation that will create a paradigm shift in how Personally Identifiable Digital Identity (PIDI) data is stored and transferred in an officially recognized standardized format, such as official social security card, passport, or driver’s license documentation. The technical solution is to encrypt and decrypt Blocks containing PIDI data for simple and easy transmission of official documentation from the safety of one’s home. Currently, the BDIMS is in a Prototype Proof of Concept stage of technical development. The initial Proof of Concept or Prototype is an individual system consisting of a user interface that interacts with an existing Blockchain system. An initial BDIMS Proof of Concept was built to test for technical exploration purposes and to trial among participants. Participants were asked to send pseudo official transcripts in various real-world contexts, such as to a graduate school or to an employer. Based on the data collected, improvements were made to the user interface design, such as to the number of steps to completing a transaction. The potential barriers to implementation and/or adoption include: complexity in user interface, understanding what Blockchain is, understanding how Blockchain differs from current digital identity management technology, and the alignment of end-users’ digital identity management beliefs with that of DLB technology. In other words, “Does Blockchain manage digital identity with how the user believes their digital identity should be managed?” The technical hurdles will be analyzed and reassessed continually throughout all potential phases of this proposed project.
