# Value Proposition

The Digital Identity Management System (BDIMS) for the storage and transfer of Personally Identifiable Digital Identity (PIDI) data can be applied to multiple contexts. Public Sectors may provide it to the general population, allowing the transfer of PIDI data from home, contact- free, in an official document form, such as a driver’s license or a voting ballot. The Private Sector is expected to utilize the BDIMS to manage sensitive employee and company data. In the Non- Profit Sector, the aim is to develop a BDIMS for refugee geo-location and digital identity management. For the case of extremely sensitive PIDI data related to, for example, protective services, one can create an entirely new identity for safety purposes. In essence, any encrypted storage and retrieval of numbers and letters can be managed using the BDIMS, meaning it’s use case may extend beyond the realm of digital identity management, such as in email management. Benefits of the BDIMS, such as the autonomy to send PIDI data from home at any time, an easy to use interface with minimal steps to completion, and a substantial increase in digital identity cybersecurity are Unmet Market Needs that the BDIMS addresses. According to research on the adoption of Distributed Ledger Blockchain (DLB) for PIDI management, Autonomy is a statistically significant factor impacting users’ Behavioral Intention to adopt the BDIMS (Sindi, 2019). An easy to use interface and increased cybersecurity were also factors impacting Behavioral Intention to adopt the BDIMS (Sindi, 2019). The key differentiator of this Blockchain Digital Identity Management System project is that it develops a unique proprietary Blockchain product (built from the ground up) and a Blockchain adoption research service to effectively implement that product within a designated context. The service side measures user perceptions, such as but not limited to, Subjective Beliefs and Perceived Ease of Use and is used to make improvements to the BDIMS based on organizational use case and end-user feedback. The potential Societal Value of this disruptive innovation emanates from aspects that define the BDIMS, such as contact-less autonomy, viable sustainability, improved cyber-security, and exponential accessibility, all of which may disrupt current legacy systems, which are slower, less secure, incur high operating costs, and employ a time consuming in-person validation process. Aspects of the BDIMS that are original, unusual, novel, disruptive, and transformative include distributed decentralization, block encryption, block decryption, block amendments, official document template fill in, contactless digital identity transactions, and overall autonomy in digital identity management. For example, a driver’s license would be issued by the issuing authority by creating a new PIDI data block recorded on the Blockchain. At any time the citizen can release the official driver’s license PIDI data to the recipient through the BDIMS (as numbers and letters) and it will then be filled into an official driver’s license template on the recipient’s end. The end-user’s picture will be represented as a collection of numbers and fill in to the

document as a picture. When a driver’s license expires or outstanding tickets haven’t been paid, a hold can be placed in the form of an amendment to a block. At that time, an amendment must be made to the Blockchain and any further transactions must be referred to that block where the most recent amendment was made. Once the Driver’s License renewal requirements are met, then a new block with the updated and validated driver’s license PIDI data will be created and be the new reference block for future transactions. All this information is encrypted on blocks and accessed on the blockchain utilizing a decryption package. This disruptive innovation decentralizes the storage of PIDI data, meaning PIDI information is stored in an encrypted manner on each Node accessing the Blockchain rather than on one centralized system. This equates to a more sustainable system along with enhanced security that allows citizens the autonomy to manage their PIDI information at their discretion from the safety of their home. Current legacy systems are vulnerable to cyber-security threats, require in-person identity validation, sustains high administration costs resulting in fees, and depletes resources, such as electricity. Multiple digital identity Blockchain projects do not store PIDI data on the distributed decentralized network, but rather store it on a centralized system while utilizing the distributed decentralize system for verification purposes. This is not the case with the BDIMS as PIDI is stored and managed completely on the permissioned proprietary BDIMS.
