# Blockchain Adoption Research Framework

This research framework is a diffusion model composed of three theoretical frameworks and three surveys adapted to the context of DLB technology for PIDI data management. The BDIMS will undergo multiple research implementation trials where users conduct digital identity transactions in a real-world simulation and participate in a quantitative survey and a qualitative questionnaire. Feedback will serve to improve on the user-interface, steps to complete a transaction, end-user performance, and alignment of subjective personal beliefs. This data will serve to further validate and establish reliability of the Blockchain Adoption Research Framework and establish improvement cycles, focusing on what is it important to the end-user’s subjective beliefs and how users interact with the user interface. The objective of the service side of this proposed project is to trial an operating BDIMS in real-world case scenarios to assess the ease of use of the user interface processes and user’s subjective beliefs of how they believe their PIDI data should be managed. Additional factors exist in analyzing disruptive innovations and will be studied at a later phase of the implementation process when the appropriate contexts arise. The plan to reach the objective is to repeat a mixed-methods research study, previously conducted and published (Sindi, 2019), with a significant number of participants. This is done by developing the front end user interface as a separate module to test Blockchain Adoption Factors, such as Perceived Ease of Use and Subjective Norm. Once the BDMIS is operational and the user interface integrated, multiple trials will be conducted. Research phases are planned to be met in a matter that is in accordance with mixed-methods data analysis techniques allowing for an optimal position for BDIMS product conceptualization.
